Add Feature to Run Multiples Openkore Instances (#2527)
OpenKore/openkore: Readme-RUN-ALL.txt

Quick Guide How to start multiple openkore instances.
Short Summary: This file allows to run many openkore instances on linux envyroment only running one command line on terminal.

How it works?
You can use the same openkore folder to keep space on your hard drive.
Each bot use their own control folder, so you can run every character separately with different configurations.
Finally we use the terminal (yes thats right) to run them all, using a software called "screen"
This creates like a "windows" where openkore will run on background, dont worry you can oppen it at any time you like and see the console in live.

How to use:
1.First all install openkore compiler packages.

2.Install screen:

sudo apt-get install screen

3.Make your control configs. Is highly recomended to use one control folder for each bot and name them simple.
For example if you are running 25 bots, create 25 control folder, control1, control2 ... control25
No matter if the only line you change is the username on config.txt
Place your control folders on the same openkore directory.

4.Modify the file openkore-all, Use notepad or any text editor:

> You dont need to have programing skills to do this, just add or remove your lines deppending on how many bots are you planning to run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You don't need to have programming skills to do this, just add or remove your lines deppending on how many bots you are planning to run
```

Note: leave a 10 seconds delay on each bot running to dont stress your CPU.

> This affects old machines or slow disk lecture on some devices such raspberry pi

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This affects old machines or slow disk reading on some devices such as raspberry Pi
```
